{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs22 womane skin care\par
1.Vitamin E Gentle Facial Wash\b0\par
Gentle, non-drying cleansing facial wash that leaves skin feeling clean,soft and refreshed. Formulated with protective vitamin E and moisturising wheatgerm oil.\line Use with Vitamin E toner, as part of your personalised skincare programme.\par
Suitable for all skin types.\par
2.\b Vitamin E Night Cream\b0\par
 Suitable for all skin types, even dry skin.\par
 With vitamin E.\par
Improved formula, biofermented hyaluronic acid from Pomacle, France.\par
Facial night cream.\par
Helps to restore skin's moisture overnight.\par
Non-greasy formula.\par
3.\b Satsuma Body Puree\b0\par
This lightweight body lotion has a fresh citrus scent. It hydrates skin and leaves it feeling soft and smooth.\par
Light and easily absorbed.\par
Leaves skin feeling soft and smooth.\par
Fresh citrus scent.\par
4.\b Seaweed Oil Balancing Toner\b0\par
Rebalance and revive your skin with this harmonising, alcohol-free toner.\par
This will gently cleanse impurities while targeting combination skin, to purify and refresh.\par
Suitable for combination/ oily skin.\par
Mineral rich seaweed from Roaring Water Bay, Ireland.\par
Alcohol-free.\par
Algae and cucumber extract.\par
Clarifying and purifying.\par
5.\b Tree Skin Clearing Mattifying Toner\b0  \par
Tea Tree Skin Clearing Mattifying Toner infused with potent tea tree oil, purifies and tones in one step. \par
Use after cleansing to remove any residual traces of make-up and impurities, which can clog the pores.\par
With shake-to-activate mattifying powders, our toner minimises the appearance of pores and leaves skin feeling clean, toned, refreshed and visibly clearer.\par
6.\b Vitamin C Glow-Protect Lotion SPF30\b0\par
Enhance the natural radiance of your skin while helping to protect your complexion from the sun with our SPF30 moisturiser.\par
Ideal for daily use to hydrate and help to protect, leaving the skin looking glowing.\par
For dull, tired, grumpy skin.\par
SPF30 with UVA and UVB protection.\par
Hydrates and helps protects skin.\par
Gives skin a brighter, more radiant appearance.\par
Softens and smooths.\par
7.\b Vitamin E SPF15 Moisture Lotion\b0\par
This light moisturising lotion with an SPF of 15 for UVA and UVB protection, assists in the prevention of premature skin ageing.\par
It hydrates and protects, leaving skin feeling softer and healthy-looking.\par
Formulated with vitamin E and moisturising wheatgerm oil.\par
Use directly after Vitamin E serum as part of your personalised skincare programme.\par
Suitable for all skin types.\par
With Community Trade soya oil from Brazil.\par
 Facial moisturiser.\par
 Helps to provide protection from UVA/UVB rays.\par
 Helps to prevent premature skin ageing.\par
 Light, easily absorbed formula.\par
8.\b Vitamin E Cool BB Cream\par
\b0 Moisturising BB cream provides lightweight coverage while it illuminates and evens skin tone, as well as protective moisture for 12 hours.\par
Its lightweight texture blends easily for a fresher and more natural look.\par
Made with protective vitamin E and moisturising wheatgerm oil.\par
Use as part of your personalised skincare programme.\par
Suitable for all skin types.\par
With vitamin E,Facial BB cream.\par
 12hr nourishment,Creamy texture.\par
 Instant cooling sensation.\par
Medium coverage.\par
\par
10.\b Loreal White Perfect Laser Day cream Spf 19/pa+++ \par
\b0 50g\par
Loreal White.Perfect Laser.\par
Day Cream Spf 19/pa+++ 50g.\par
11.\b Pond's Age Miracle Deep Action Night Cream \par
\b0 50 grams\b\par
\b0 Works overtime as you sleep, to diminish signs of ageing.\par
Minimizes the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and prevents more from appearing.\par
Prevent dullness and enhances overall skin radiance.\par
 Maintain skin texture, tone and elasticity.\par
12.\b Clean & Clear Morning Burst Hydrating Gel Moisturizer\b0\par
3-ounce tube of facial gel moisturizer.\par
Wakes you up and leaves skin feeling replenished.\par
For clean-feeling and refreshed skin.\par
Contains a unique blend of cucumber and green mango extracts.\par
Ultra-lightweight and non-greasy gel moisturizer.\par
\par
14.\b Johnson's\'ae Daily Essentials Gentle Exfoliating Wash\b0\par
Johnson's Daily Essentials Gentle Exfoliating Wash gently polishes away dull, lifeless skin and impurities for skin that feels noticeably softer and smoother.\par
Skin loving minerals to restore skin freshness.\par
Rounded micro beads for gentle skin exfoliation.\par
For all skin types, Dermatologically tested, Suitable for sensitive skin.\par
15.\b L'Oreal Paris Skin Perfection Gentle Exfoliator \par
\b0 150ml\b\par
\b0 Helps to refines your skin's surface.\par
Reveals smoother, brighter looking skin.\par
Soap-free formula.\par
No tight skin feeling.\par
For smooth and radiant skin\par
16.\b Neutrogena Visibly Clear Spot Stress Control Daily Scrub \par
\b0 150ml\b\par
\b0 A powerful creamy scrub to help clear spots... and make spots one less stress!\par
Neutrogena Visibly Clear's formula with microbeads gently exfoliates dead skin cells whilst removing oil and dirt.\par
\par
18.\b pomeranare softening cream cleanser\b0\par
A creamy cleanser that effectively cleanses the skin without leaving any tightness.\par
Pomegranate extract which is a powerful antioxidant that helps the skin remain plump and fight environmental aggressors.\par
Best for those concerned with the effects of aging.\par
19.\b Pomegranate Firming Day Cream\par
\b0 Pomegranate Firming Day Cream is a rich, moisturising cream that targets mature skin concerns.\par
Enriched with organic pomegranate seed oil, it intensely hydrates and softens skin daily.\par
The pleasant tightening and lifting effect gets to work on mature, sagging skin. Skin feels firmer and plump, and wrinkles appear softened.\par
Day cream for mature skin.\par
With organic pomegranate seed oil from Turkey.\par
Moisturises and softens daily.\par
Skin feels firmer and plumper, Wrinkles appear softened.\par
20.\b Pomegranate Firming Night Cream\b0\par
Infused with organic pomegranate oil, our rich Pomegranate Night Cream is easily absorbed, leaving the skin hydrated, firmer and plumped. Wrinkles appear softened and skin feels lifted.\par
Night cream for mature skin.\par
With organic pomegranate seed oil from Turkey.\par
Moisturises and softens during the night.\par
Skin feels firmer and plumper.\par
Wrinkles appear softened.\par
21.\b Aloe Calming Toner \par
\b0 200ml\par
Gently tone, prime and refresh your skin with our soothing toner. Aloe effectively removes residual impurities, to refresh and clarify sensitive skin.\par
Formulated for sensitive skin.\par
Pure Community Trade aloe from Campeche, Mexico.\par
No added fragrance, colour or alcohol.\par
Formulated without preservatives.\par
22.\b Vitamin C Facial Cleansing Polish\b0  \par
100ml\par
This daily radiance-revealing facial wash cleanses and exfoliates skin in one step.\par
Micro beads gently buff away dull skin cells.\par
Leaves skin feeling fresh and smooth.\par
Enhances skin\rquote s natural radiance\par
\par
\par
25.\b The Body Shop Vitamin C Facial Radiance Capsules\b0\par
 28 Count\par
Individual capsules deliver powerful antioxidant benefits that revive your skin's radiance and glow.\par
Contains Amazonian Camu Camu berry which is known to have one of the highest contents of Vitamin C in nature.\par
Antioxident Vitamin C encourages production of collagen, improves elasticity and protects against damaging environmental aggressors.\par
26.\b Clean and Clear Deep Cleansing Lotion For Sensitive Skin\par
\b0  200ML\par
Clean & Clear Deep Cleansing Lotion for sensitive skin cleanses your skin gently but effectively to remove everyday build-up of oil, dirt and grease.\par
It is totally effective as a single-step cleanser to clean thoroughly and help prevent spots, but it can also be used to refresh, tone and tighten pores after washing.\par
27.\b Clean Clear Deep Action Cream Wash\par
\b0 150ml\par
Clean & Clear Deep Cleansing Cream Wash cleans deep down to effectively remove dirt, oil and impurities without clogging pores.\par
Contains a special ingredient to help prevent spots and breakouts. The tingling sensation after use tells you your skin has been thoroughly cleansed, leaving it cool, refreshed and really clear.\par
28.\b Blackhead Clearing Daily Scrub\b0  \par
150ml\par
The formula lifts away dirt, oil and impurities to help reduce blackheads and prevent them from coming back.\par
29.\b CLEAN & CLEAR\'ae Morning Energy Skin Energising Daily Facial Scrub\b0  \par
150ml\par
CLEAN & CLEAR Morning Energy Skin Energising Daily Facial Scrub, with bursting beads and vitamin C & ginseng, leaves your skin feeling clean, refreshed and invigorated. Plus it has a refreshing citrus fragrance that awakens your senses!\par
30.\b Boots Essentials Cucumber Moisturising Cream \par
\b0 100ml\par
Boots Essentials Cucumber Moisturising Cream is enriched with soothing cucumber and \par
vitamins, it is suitable for day or night use and contains antioxidants to help protect the skin from environmental damage.\par
31.\b Boots Essentials Cucumber Facial Wash\par
\b0  150ml\par
Boots Essentials Cucumber Facial Wash is enriched with soothing cucumber and vitamins, this wash effectively removes make-up and excess oils leaving skin thoroughly cleansed and refreshed. Suitable for all skin types. Dermatologically tested.\par
32.\b Boots Essentials Cucumber Facial Toner\par
\b0  150ml\par
Enriched with soothing cucumber and vitamins, Boots Essentials Cucumber Facial Toner works to refresh and tone the skin, removing the last traces of make -up and excess oils after cleansing.\par
Suitable for all skin types  \par
 Dermalogically tested\par
\b 38.Vitamin E Cream Cleanser\par
\b0 A light, creamy cleanser with protective vitamin E and moisturising wheatgerm oil that effectively removes impurities and make-up\par
Suitable for all skin types\par
With Community Trade soya oil from Brazil\par
With vitamin E\par
Light, creamy texture\par
Soap-free \par
39.\b Vitamin E Moisture Cream\b0\par
Suitable for all skin types, even dry skin\par
With vitamin E\par
Improved formula, with biofermented hyaluronic acid from Pomacle, France\par
With Community Trade shea butter from Ghana\par
With Community Trade aloe vera from Mexico\par
Facial day moisturiser\par
48hr moisture infusion\par
\b 41.Tea Tree Cool & Creamy Wash\par
\b0 Cream Based\par
For Normal Skin\par
Applied For: Anti-acne & Pimples\par
Comes in Tube\par
43.\b Vitamin E Body Lotion\par
\b0 Hydrates and protects\par
Easily absorbed\par
Leaves skin feeling soft and smooth\par
\b 44.Mango Softening Whipped Lotion\b0\par
Light, whipped texture\par
 Leaves skin feeling soft and smooth\par
 Mango-scented \par
\cf1 33.\b Maca Root Balancing Face Protectorfor Men\par
\b0 Targeted hydration\par
Oil-balancing technology reduces shine\par
Protects and improves skin condition\cf0\par
\cf1 34.9.\b Vitamin E Overnight Serum-In-Oil\par
\b0 Suitable for all skin types.\par
With vitamin E and Community Trade sesame seed oil from Nicaragua.\par
With our highest concentration of wheatgerm oil.\par
8h moisture infusion.\par
Facial serum.\par
In the morning, skin feels refreshed, recharged with nourishing moisture.\par
Features look rested.\par
Non-greasy, fast-absorbing lightweight formula.\par
13.\b L'oreal fine flowers gel cream wash\b0\par
The L'Or\'e9al Paris Laboratories have selected and combined extracts of Rose and Jasmine Flowers, in a cleansing gel-cream wash for soft, comfortable and fresh skin, every day.\par
The rich gel-cream texture emulsifies in water, transforming into a creamy foam that cleanses and softens the skin without drying it out.\par
17.\b Pomegranate Softening Facial Wash\b0\par
Our Pomegranate Softening Facial Wash is infused with organic pomegranate oil known for its firming properties on skin.\par
This creamy cleanser leaves skin softer, whilst addressing the visible signs of aging.\par
Softening facial wash for mature skin.\par
With organic pomegranate seed oil from Turkey.\par
Cleanses and softens,Creamy, comforting yet refreshing texture.\par
23.\b Vitamin C Daily Moisturiser SPF 15\par
\b0 Enhance your skin's natural radiance while protecting it from damaging UV rays with a lightweight, easily-absorbed lotion with an SPF 15.\par
Vitamin C Daily Moisturiser SPF 15 also contains super antioxidant Amazonian camu camu berry and Community Fair Trade sesame oil to moisturise and protect your skin, making it glow with health.\par
Hydrates and helps protects skin.\par
Gives skin a bright, radiant appearance.\par
Leaves skin feeling soft and smooth.\par
Contains SPF 15 for UVA and UVB protection\par
24.\b Vitamin C Daily Moisturiser SPF30\b0  \par
50ml\par
Enhance the natural radiance of your skin while helping to protect your complexion from the sun with our SPF30 moisturiser.\par
Ideal for daily use to hydrate and help to protect, leaving the skin looking glowing.\par
For dull, tired, grumpy skin,SPF30 with UVA and UVB protection.\par
Hydrates and helps protects skin.\par
Gives skin a brighter, more radiant appearance.\par
Softens and smooths.\par
\cf0\par
}
 